Quantum mechanics stuff I’ve been reading about:
Chris Bernhardt. Quantum Computing for Everyone (MIT press). Obviously a brilliant man. A professor of mathematics.
 
The only A I got in the last year of high school math was about vector algebra, so I struck luck here, maybe, since this is the basis for quantum mechanics calculations. Avoiding complex numbers is a huge help as I have no formal training with using them. I would usually get a B-, B or B+ in math in high school and secondary school. I didn't really put in the time. I didn't understand why I was doing it at that age, but I had a knack for it.
 
I found myself thinking about electron spin and photon polarization, both particles which travel at the speed of light by the way, a fact I think should not be overlooked, with a good shoulder pat for my old friend Albert. That is speed in vacuum, as deduced. Vacuum which is an impossibility, by the way, because it is the "nothing" we all - and everything - came from, so the true speed of light is never ever truly reached, I think, ever, in our universe, it might be breaking a law of nature. I recall Einstein saying that the speed of light can never be traversed, but we have takyons and particles that potentially travel beyond the speed of light, which his theories did not exclude from existence. I have to read up a bit since my knowledge is now 20 years old, but I'm working on it.
 
So if you look at the spin of electrons or polarization of light and use the quantum clock analogy that you can repeat the same question sequentially forever and always receive the same answer, let's call this question A, but if you ask question A, then question B, and question A again, then the answer may not necessarily be the same to question A both times. Unless I'm mistaken, the distribution here is (so far assumedly, but tested repeatedly) random and completely even. I absolutely love that. I find it beautiful.
 
So what changes? I thought about it for about 15 minutes and would like to present a (perhaps quite absurd) analogy involving my favorite beverages. Let's say we ask our friend, John, "would you like a Coca-Cola?" and he answers "yes", presumably the answer is always the same (well, give me some leeway with this analogy, such as assuming an infinite thirst for colas, if you don't mind…). But if you then ask "or would you like a Pepsi?", maybe the answer to that is "yes" OR "no" depending on his taste, and if the answer is yes, maybe if you then ask question A again, about Coca-Cola, he will not want another Coca-Cola, he will want a Pepsi instead that time.
 
That's about as stupid as I can make my current understanding of the phenomena.
 
In the case of quantum mechanics, you are sort of asking … God, or what I, as a non-religious, but spiritually inclined person, would call "the origin". What we come from. According to classical physics and determinism, we are left with no other logical conclusion than to decide that at some point something came into existence from nothing. The Big Bang might turn out to be nearly as stupid as a flat Earth, albeit with tremendous insight and mental play, and visual beauty in the models and representations. So I call the unknown "the origin".
________________________

